Let's quickly take a step back and
review what we've learned
up to this point.
You've learned how to identify
what is a target variable.
You've also been able to identify
what a predictor variable is.
And lastly,
you've learned how to identify
which predictor variables to
potentially use in our model.
Now it's time to actually solve
some classification problems.
Well I know that Maureen would be
upset if you just went through
her course learning how to prepare data
and didn't use some of those techniques.
But don't worry, in this section we're
going to take the data preparation
techniques that you learned and apply it
in our course in ways such as, dealing
with dirty data, and considerations
when working with categorical variables.
So let's get started.